Key management updates in "Testing cryptography", "Testing data storage" for iOS and Android (#1884)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x05d-Testing-Data-Storage.md

Also, as the illustration of this approach, refer to the [EncryptedSharedPreferences from androidx.security.crypto package](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/releases/security "androidx.security.crypto API reference").

##### Insecure options to store keys

A less secure way of storing encryption keys, is in the SharedPreferences of Android. When [SharedPreferences](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/SharedPreferences.html "Android SharedPreference API") are used, the file is only readable by the application that created it. However, on rooted devices any other application with root access can simply read the SharedPreference file of other apps. This is not the case for the AndroidKeyStore. Since AndroidKeyStore access is managed on kernel level, which needs considerably more work and skill to bypass without the AndroidKeyStore clearing or destroying the keys.

> The last three options are to use hardcoded encryption keys in the source code, having a predictable obfuscation function or key derivation function based on stable attributes, and storing generated keys in public places like `/sdcard/`. Obviously, hardcoded encryption keys are not the way to go. This means every instance of the application uses the same encryption key. An attacker needs only to do the work once, to extract the key from the source code - whether stored natively or in Java/Kotlin. Consequently, an attacker can decrypt any other data which was encrypted by the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last three options are to use hardcoded encryption keys in the source code, having a predictable obfuscation function or key derivation function based on stable attributes, and storing generated keys in public places like `/sdcard/`. Hardcoded encryption keys are an issue since this means every instance of the application uses the same encryption key. An attacker can reverse-engineer a local copy of the application in order to extract the cryptographic key, and use that key to decrypt any data which was encrypted by the application on any device.
```
